
Goal: In this competition, your task is to predict whether a passenger was transported to an 
alternate dimension during the Spaceship Titanic's collision with the spacetime anomaly.

Files and features

train.csv - Personal records for about two-thirds (~8700) of the passengers, to be used as training data.

PassengerId - A unique ID for each passenger. In the form gggg_pp where gggg indicates a group the
passenger is travelling with and pp is their number within the group.
People in a group are often family members, but not always.

HomePlanet - The planet the passenger departed from, typically their planet of permanent residence.
CryoSleep - Indicates whether the passenger elected to be put into suspended animation for the duration of the voyage. 
Passengers in cryosleep are confined to their cabins.
Cabin - The cabin number where the passenger is staying. Takes the form deck/num/side, where the side can be either P for Port or S for Starboard.
Destination - The planet the passenger will be debarking to.
Age - The age of the passenger.
VIP - Whether the passenger has paid for special VIP service during the voyage.
RoomService, FoodCourt, ShoppingMall, Spa, VRDeck - Amount the passenger has billed at each of the Spaceship Titanic's many luxury amenities.
Name - The first and last names of the passenger.
Transported - Whether the passenger was transported to another dimension. 
This is the target, the column you are trying to predict.

test.csv - Personal records for the remaining one-third (~4300) of the passengers, to be used as test data. Your task is to predict the value of Transported for the passengers in this set.
sample_submission.csv - A submission file in the correct format.

PassengerId - ID for each passenger in the test set.
Transported - The target. For each passenger, predict either True or False.

Notes:
Features I'll use:
CryoSleep - If there confined to their cabin that might affect where they're located during the crash.
Cabin - This shows the areas where the passengers stay, maybe people in one area were transported.
Because it's categorical data with no inherent format I can use onehot encoding.- Edit first I have to split the data after the /
Why - to many unique variables creates way to many columns
I'll turn the s and p into 0-1 then the middle number I'll see the highest value and make a 0000 code out of it.
VIP - Maybe the rich are safer than the poor and have a different special sleep.

Our x - will include our features are Y will be the Transported column in the train.

Step:
Perform analysis - Do I need to change any of my features?
has in my program. 
Start creating my model - define x y, test and split my data, fit the model and score, predict, calculate loss, and use.



